Proxy fee estimation feature, verify plugin core dependency change (#615)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/tools/hardhat/hardhat-zksync-upgradable.md

```

To estimate the deployment fee for the Transparent upgradable proxies and UUPS proxies, use the `estimateGasProxy` method from the `zkUpgrades.estimation`. This method calculates the fee for deploying the implementation contract, transparent proxy/UUPS contract, and the ProxyAdmin smart contract.

::: code-tabs

@tab:active Transparent proxy

``` typescript
const totalGasEstimation = await hre.zkUpgrades.estimation.estimateGasProxy(deployer, contract, [], { kind: 'transparent' });
```

@tab UUPS proxy

``` typescript
const totalGasEstimation = await hre.zkUpgrades.estimation.estimateGasProxy(deployer, contract, [], { kind: 'uups' });
```

:::

To estimate the deployment fee for the beacon contract and its corresponding implementation, use the `estimateGasBeacon` method: 

``` typescript
const totalGasEstimation = await hre.zkUpgrades.estimation.estimateGasBeacon(deployer, contract, []);
```

If you want to get the estimation for the beacon proxy contract, please use the `estimateGasBeaconProxy` method:

``` typescript
const totalGasEstimation = await hre.zkUpgrades.estimation.estimateGasBeacon(deployer, contract, []);
```

> All of those methods calculate the fee for every contract in their corresponding pipeline, print that cost on the console and return the total sum.
> If you don't want to see all the separate estimations, you can use the parameter `quiet` as the last parameter in every method and receive just the returned sum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these methods totals the fee for every contract in their respective pipeline, displays the cost on the console, and returns the cumulative sum. If you prefer not to see the individual estimations, introduce the parameter `quiet` as the final parameter in any method to receive only the returned sum.
```
